Feat - Feb blog: Updated OKR description. (#912)
1-Platform/one-platform: packages/documentation-spa/blog/2021-03-10-state-of-one-platform-feb-2021.md

### OKRs

<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Objectives
   </td>
   <td>Status
   </td>
   <td>IMP Summary from Key Results
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Accelerate and provide consistent SPA development & delivery experience</strong>
   </td>
   <td>At Risk
   </td>
   <td>
<ul>

<li>Revamped Feedback SPA & Service are deployed on QA & Stage and are being tested.

<li>Notifications Microservice is completed, Notifications SPA designs in progress.

<li>User Groups rover integration - Not started

<li>Change Home Service schema into Developer Console schema

<li>Developer console API developed

<li>List of use cases & status for polishing microservices & SPAs is, as in the table below.
</li>
</ul>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Evolve<a href="http://one.redhat.com/"> one.redhat.com</a> as a single place to host internal applications and accessible outside VPN. </strong>
   </td>
   <td>On Track
   </td>
   <td>
<ul>

<li>Implemented a Document hub to access all the documents at one place.

> <li>Plans for usin<a href="http://quay.io/">g quay.</a><span style="text-decoration:underline;">io</span> for storing docker images for native microservices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Plans for using<a href="http://quay.io/">quay.</a><span style="text-decoration:underline;">io</span> for storing docker images for native microservices.
```

Author: Done
